Tests ran at 30 Mar 07 11 PM

0 tests passed out of 30 tests.

tests.py::TestClass::test_get_average_box_office_collections: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_average_box_office_collections_with_only_one_movie: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_average_box_office_collections_with_some_movies_having_zero_collections: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_average_box_office_collections_with_zero_movies: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_average_no_of_actors_for_all_movies_no_actors_exists: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_average_no_of_actors_for_all_movies_no_movies_exists: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_average_no_of_actors_for_movies_with_same_actors_in_two_movies_and_zero_actors_in_another: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_average_no_of_actors_for_movies_with_some_actors_in_all_movies: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_male_and_female_actors_count_for_each_movie_check_distinct_count: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_male_and_female_actors_count_for_each_movie_with_zero_actors: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_male_and_female_actors_count_for_each_movie_with_zero_female_actors: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_male_and_female_actors_count_for_each_movie_with_zero_male_actors: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_male_and_female_actors_count_for_each_movie_with_zero_movies_in_db: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movies_with_atleast_forty_actors: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movies_with_distinct_actors_count_for_movies_with_distinct_actors: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movies_with_distinct_actors_count_for_movies_with_duplicate_actors: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movies_with_distinct_actors_count_for_movies_without_actors: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_no_of_movies_and_distinct_roles_for_actor_acted_in_different_movies_with_same_roles: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_no_of_movies_and_distinct_roles_for_actor_acted_in_same_movie_with_distinct_roles: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_no_of_movies_and_distinct_roles_for_actor_acted_in_same_movie_with_same_roles: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_no_of_movies_and_distinct_roles_no_actors_exists: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_role_frequency_with_different_actor_having_different_role_in_movies: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_role_frequency_with_different_actor_having_same_role_in_a_movie: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_role_frequency_with_different_actor_having_same_role_in_different_movies: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_role_frequency_with_same_actor_having_same_role_in_different_movies: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_roles_count_for_each_movie_when_there_are_duplicate_roles_in_movies: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_roles_count_for_each_movie_when_there_are_no_duplicate_roles_in_movies: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_roles_count_for_each_movie_when_there_are_no_movies: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_roles_count_for_each_movie_when_there_are_no_roles_in_movies: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_roles_in_order: failed
