Tests ran at 30 Mar 07 43 PM

0 tests passed out of 31 tests.

tests.py::TestClass::test_get_actor_names_when_five_actors_debuted_in_21st_century: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_actor_names_when_no_actors_debuted_in_21st_century: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_actor_names_when_no_movies_released_in_21st_century: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_director_names_for_movies_directed_not_having_big_in_name_as_well_as_released_in_may: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_director_names_for_movies_having_big_in_name_and_released_in_may: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_director_names_for_movies_having_big_in_name_as_well_as_released_in_may: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_director_names_for_movies_having_big_in_name_but_not_released_in_may: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_director_names_for_movies_not_having_big_in_name_but_released_in_may: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movie_directors_five_movies_directed_by_distinct_directors_in_year_2000: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movie_directors_no_movies_released_in_year_2000: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movie_directors_two_movies_directed_by_same_director_in_year_2000: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movie_names_when_none_of_the_movies_has_ratings: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movie_names_when_two_movies_has_no_ratings: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movie_names_with_actor_name_ending_with_smith: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movie_names_with_actor_name_ending_with_smith_actor_name_startswith_smith: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movie_names_with_actor_name_ending_with_smith_in_movies_with_different_ids: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movie_names_with_actor_name_ending_with_smith_in_same_movie: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movie_names_with_actor_name_ending_with_smith_no_actor_ending_with_smith: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movie_names_with_ratings_above_given_minimum: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movie_names_with_ratings_above_given_minimum_when_all_movie_ratings_are_less_than_500: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movie_names_with_ratings_above_given_minimum_when_no_movies_released_in_21st_century: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movie_names_with_ratings_in_given_range: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movie_names_with_ratings_not_in_given_range: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movies_by_given_movie_names: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movies_by_given_movie_names_when_movie_names_are_same: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movies_released_in_summer_in_given_years: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movies_released_in_summer_in_given_years_when_no_movies_released: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_get_movies_released_in_summer_in_given_years_when_no_movies_released_in_summer: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_reset_ratings_when_no_movies_released_in_year_2000: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_reset_ratings_when_three_movies_released_in_year_2000: failed
tests.py::TestClass::test_reset_ratings_when_two_movies_released_in_year_2000_but_has_no_ratings: failed
